I get to see a lot of people that come
through client Ascension and I get to
talk with Daniel about the people that
come through climate Ascension the
number one thing that we preach
constantly is that the reason why client
essential works is it's a system and
it's systemized because there's only so
many things that you need to do and so
there's like there's making your offer
there's building out your funnel there's
like getting cold email going running a
sales call with a client providing the
Service hiring people and then branding
and that's it that there's really not
many other areas of things you can do
obviously everyone's business is unique
but what I wanted to do is I listed out
each one of those categories three
things that you're going to be doing and
I'm going to talk back and forth with
Daniel and we're going to talk about
inside of client Ascension what he sees
talking with a lot of people being
involved with a lot of people's
businesses in each one of these key
areas what are the common mistakes that
people are making so what this will
serve for the viewer is almost as a
checklist you can watch through this
video and if you can say everything that
Daniel points out if you're not making
any of those mistakes
solid good job like you're you're
probably doing pretty well if you are
making any of these mistakes either a
join client Ascension or being fix the
problem and just get the problem fixed
so that is what the agenda of the video
is today so should we just get started
yeah yeah let's do it cool so number one
is the offer and so the reason why I
have this first is because like this is
what you're selling so it comes before
yes the offer is the first part and so I
broke the offer down into three areas
what you do who you serve and what are
the terms of the offer itself so let's
start with what you do
what have you found from the people that
come in and say well this is what I do
what are some of the mistakes they're
making there in terms of choosing what
to do in terms of service
yeah so there's a there's a pretty range
there's a pretty big range of problems
but like that one of the things that
will happen with a lot of people is
they'll like oh I do all this kinds of
stuff all these kind of different things
for all these different kinds of people
doesn't work you need to do one clear
thing to one clear person and have one
clear outcome with one clear risk
reversal and one clear and one clear
like evidence that you are able to do
that so that's that's just a given where
you have to be able to do this
and then the problem I see with a lot of
people is they like if I could I could
sit here and give someone like a cold
email kpi like these are these are the
kind of stats you're looking for but
it's actually different for every offer
and there's kind of like a range where
your offer can can hang around there's
different components where it's cut so
there's demand capture versus demand
generation offers and then there's like
on the scale of how sophisticated it is
your what is the market sophistication
of what you're selling so if someone
comes in and they're trying to sell like
web design
web design is inherently a demand
capture offer what that means is that
you sell web design for people who are
already looking for websites
so how do you approach this situation
you can do two different things
one is that you need to Ram volume for a
demand capture offer like you need to
send a lot of cold email
or
you need to morph it to demand
generation and what I mean by that is
you do websites but in a very unique way
like you do websites that have
monitoring software that stops fraud
from high volume
Ecom people or something because you get
a bunch of fraud that comes through it's
like a monitoring service you see what I
mean
like you can morph it like that and
trying to make up some unique
positioning
to
scoot it over to demand generation and
like for me to Define what a demand
generation offer is that'd be something
like
hey I'll get you more leads like I'll do
cold email for you like I'm a lead gen
agency everyone will want that everyone
will just want more customers
so you can Market that in a different
way than you have to Market a demand
capture offer
now you get into like so you wanna you
wanna put you want to find out where
your offer sits on that scale is it a
demand generation offer or is it a
demand capture offer the more of a
demand capture offer it is the higher
volume that you need to send
of of your marketing or you need to try
to morph it to demand Generation Now
whatever you're selling is going to have
a particular level of Market
sophistication so let's say that
someone's value like the the idea of
their offer is they help other
businesses get leads right and that can
be through any mechanism it can be
through code email it can be through you
do Facebook ads or Google ads for them
and the combination
of the idea of what you do versus who
you sell it to those together
is your offer however
that combination that idea of what you
do is gonna fall on some scale of Market
sophistication
so how is Market sophistication defined
it's it's basically how many competitors
you have
so let me give you an example of like a
level five Market sophistication
that means you have the maximum amount
of competitors and that would be like
e-commerce email marketing I'll write
I'll do your email marketing for your
Ecom brand or I'll do your email
marketing for your coaching business or
I'll do Facebook ads for your Ecom brand
it's hyper competitive you have
thousands and thousands and thousands of
competitors in any random person can
just spin that up easily just like that
so what happens is
back in like 2012 or something you could
just go to any random person any random
econ brand and be like hey do you need
Facebook ads like I know how to do
Facebook ads and it would just sell just
like that yeah
just just like that that easy because
Facebook ads was new
and then also like three four years ago
you could go to any random econ brand
and be like hey I can do your email
marketing for you and it would sell just
like that just because just because no
one did it and it was unique and no one
pitched them that ever yeah however
what happens is people start selling
courses on how to do it
other people find out about it they
enter the market and now what happens is
assume assume Market sophistication look
for Simplicity assume Market
sophistication level one means that you
have zero competitors it's just you you
can say [__] anything and it will
sell easy just like that
then you start getting more people and
then they make a claim
you say how hey I'll do this but I'll
make you this much and then someone else
comes along and they say hey I'll do
this but I'll make you this much and
they start competing on the claim
and then more and more and more people
come in and then they start introducing
risk reversals and money back guarantees
where it's like hey I'll do this and if
I don't get this amount
then I'll give you your money back and
then you get people to come in and say
hey I'll do this make you this much
money and you won't pay me until I get
this
so the terms start going higher and
higher until you have just like an
absolutely
infinite amount of people with higher
claims
and higher risk reversals until you get
to Market sophistication level five and
the only way that you can sell it
is based off personal branding
and what does that mean how do you do
that how do you how do you sell
something in Market sophistication level
five
and the way you do it is by yes you need
to have a claim you need to have a risk
reversal and you need to have evidence
and you need to do content marketing
that gives value that gives upfront
value you need to have all of those
you need 100 of those if your offer is
more sophistication level five you need
to claim you need the risk reversal you
need the evidence and you need to do
content marketing
so somebody comes into client Ascension
and regardless of what they're selling
we're positioning it to be Market
sophistication level five
why
because someone comes in and even if
they're selling a market sophistication
level one offer
at some point in their life it will hit
level five it every single offer will
eventually be level five
so you might as well just sophisticate
it yourself
look you just single-handedly
sophisticate the entire Market
so it's the same approach for every
single person that comes in it's like
we're gonna develop a claim
we're going to develop a risk reversal
that makes sense
like without risking you having to give
just refunds for no reason to people
yeah
we're gonna aggregate evidence and
present it in a correct way
now we're gonna set up outbound systems
for you to push this claim with the risk
reversal using your evidence to a market
and then we're gonna make sales assets
to give value up front
that's how you sell sophistication level
five things so every single person who
comes through you just always it's
always just positioning in you right off
the bat
at sophistication level five go real
quick guys if you want to come work with
us directly at client Ascension right
here we will place a fully trained cold
email specialist inside of your business
who will send code emails on your behalf
to 100 cold prospects and you will only
pay a commission on closed deals so
there's no retainer there's no paper
appointment model where 90 of the leads
are unqualified anyway we are personally
training these cold email Specialists
we're going to place them into your
business make sure they have all the
systems and everything set up to
actually understand your offer and make
sure it works we're going to put them in
there and they're only going to get paid
when you close a deal from a 100 percent
cold lead that they Source they find
themselves if you want to see how this
offer works I'm going to leave a link in
the description you can check it out
let's get back to the video
so I think that's the checklist point
right there with the offer on
what you do who you serve what the terms
are is it a level five sophistication
offer or not if not
you're inevitably gonna run into
roadblocks down the road you might as
well set up for it now it will be level
five and 100 will be level five so every
single person's business yeah there's so
few services that aren't level five
already like you need to
you need to be on The Cutting Edge of
some blockchain technology or something
to do with AI or whatever like and even
if you do start doing that what happens
is if it starts to succeed and someone
else sees it someone else will copy it
and then again now you have and it just
starts like I can't think of a really a
single service where if you say the
service there's one category King and
then I can't think of anyone else
there's always going to be that and so
you know from the personal branding
perspective that's just people
thinking of you first like I had a solid
deal that got dropped in my lap and I
asked the guy hey what made you refer
that over to me because I'm like Curious
there's a lot of copywriters that you
know like why'd you send it over to me
he's like oh you're just top of mind
since we talked the other day and this
guy said he needed a copywriter and so I
would like you to get it and that's just
how that works that's like networking
personal branding that's it that's
personal branding yeah and you were you
were top of mind because you post
content on the internet
yeah that's how it works like it just is
yeah you can't really
debate that and I mean I know plenty of
guys that they'll keep it and on right
or they won't brand themselves and they
won't do that and I'm just like why yeah
and then the market sophisticates and
their business dies yeah
like there's a reason I always have a
constant stream of referrals and it's
just because people know who I am that's
it and it's like if you're Pate the Frog
and your name's like affiliate hero I
don't know some [__] that you see on
Twitter right like these games that do
that yeah I mean they don't know who you
are it's really easy it's really easy to
do that though and people don't kind of
they don't understand this where it's
like dude you only need like a couple
YouTube videos
and you just automatically are in the
one percent
automatically yeah right you post one
YouTube video you're in the one percent
because
for for the for the viewer right now
like let's say let's say someone's
selling
Ecom email marketing
level five sophistication offer
and you get
and you have one competitor which we're
gonna compare you to someone
you have the same landing page
you have the same exact words in your
vsl the same exact exact words on your
on your landing page same exact email
copy to the same exact list with the
same exact deliverability same exact
every single thing
but one of you has one YouTube video
one
the person with the one YouTube video
wins 100 of the time 100 of the time
because let's let's this is this is
people don't understand this
somebody gets a cold email from you they
are 100 of the time if they are going to
respond to the code email
they Google you
every single time
always
that's what happens
it's just fact they go to your landing
page do you have a do you have a YouTube
video embedded on your landing page
yes then they watch it
it's like oh this guy took the time out
of his day to post this like
YouTube video and he's actually giving
value in this video and like you know
like I've watched two minutes of this
video and like just by the way this guy
is talking he knows what he's talking
about you are automatically beating
every single other person who does not
have that 100 of the time automatic did
I gotta that called the other day with a
guy we're gonna get on our close call
today this is like a 25k package for the
deal itself and he said to me oh man
like you you I can tell you know what
you're talking about or at least it
seems like you know what you're talking
about I'm like that's that's how that
goes literally it's just do you seem
like you know what you're talking about
if it's a level five sophistication
market like they can tell pretty quickly
whether you know your [__] or don't know
your [__] yeah because they've heard it
all before exactly they've heard it all
before and a lot of people they have a
problem with they think that they a lot
of people underestimate how good they
actually are and they think like oh if I
post a YouTube video or something like I
don't really have anything like good to
say and it's like
well how do you know
look you just are underestimating how
good you actually you don't understand
how good you are and you're like moving
like like you keep repeating that into
your head so you move like you aren't
good
to stop doing that yeah it's pretty
common
pretty common so for the next section
funnel honestly dude I can I can do this
one real quick so we can move on to cold
email because I feel like a majority of
our time will be on there and I can I
can just speak real quick on follows
like it's pretty straightforward you
don't need to build out a crazy website
I would say just get click funnels 2.0
so you have the option to build out a
website if you want to down the road so
you can have like a portfolio or
whatever the hell on there if you want
to have a brand new website just do 2.0
but just build out a funnel your offer
is literally just it's the headline we
can talk about headlines for a second
vsl book a call the automations you need
firing from the person being able to
book a call they click the button I
would probably do something like a type
form which is an assessment at the end
of the type form at the uh book and call
ability whether it's with calendly or
whether you have it with go high level
like honestly doesn't matter how you're
setting it up
um just have it for the calendar
and then however you want to structure
your sales process we'll get to that
here in a moment uh yeah in sales so
this this is this is 99 of you it's
really crazy yeah you have to have a vsl
on your page it's a non-negotiable
and this happens a lot with people where
it's like do you think I need a vsl I'm
like
it's non-negotiable
like it's not something that we're gonna
sit here and debate we're like yes
under absolutely no circumstance is this
going to work unless you have a vsl and
99 of people that come with client says
don't have a vsl it's crazy it's very
rare someone comes into client says with
a vso and if you do have a vsl it's not
good so what we do is we just give you a
script
of what here is every section you're
going to put in the vsl
and then you're going to send us what
you wrote
if you want feedback on it yes we'll
approve it and then you you're gonna
voice it over and then we're gonna go
over that with you so it's a good vsl
yeah you have to do this
it's not a debate it's not something I'm
suggesting to you it's like if you're
watching this right now I'm telling you
you have to have a vsl and someone's
gonna sit here and they're gonna say oh
no I don't do no I I don't need a vsl
like the other people who do this they
don't have a vso no you're wrong
100 of you
every single one of you needs a vsl I
don't think you functionally understand
what is it you have to have a vsl
yeah you code email some random human
like yes they have to see you they have
to hear you like yes this you need a vsl
it's not a debate
yeah so like if someone's gotten client
Ascension and they're just wanting to
build one out themselves honestly you
don't need to overthink it you don't
need something that's super over the top
production you don't need to have like a
Hollywood level film you could literally
just do like your phone and then put
subtitles on the bottom and that's it it
doesn't need to be anything crazy as far
as the script goes and we kind of
technically covered that just now with
the offer you're really just outlining
that it's like hey what's the problem
this audience has how do you like how
they tried to solve it that hasn't
worked thus far how is your way
different and then what's the terms of
you being able to solve this problem for
them and that's pretty much it there's
obviously a lot of other stuff social
proof everything but for the most part
you don't need to overthink it I I think
a lot of people
probably spend
upwards of a month on trying to build
out of vsl I'm like bro you can get it
done in like two to three days maybe
even a day if you just spent all day on
it dude it takes me an hour to make a
BSL it's really not yeah with a Layman
the the the person who's never done
because once you do that right it's
pretty straightforward like yours are
literally with a Google doc yeah so it's
not that it's not that people like it
takes a long time to make a vsl is that
they sit here and debate with themselves
it's like oh they're like scared to put
their like them of a video of them on
the Internet like that's what's taking
you along if you're sitting here
debating with yourself for three years
or you don't have or they just don't
have the offer straight yeah
you don't have the offer straight if
you're just like oh I do like Ecom email
that's that's it well is there really
even a point for you to make a video you
need to make the offer better and so
then it makes sense to actually do the
video a bit yeah yeah a lot of people
just don't know that's a lot of guys
they just don't know what they're
selling yes okay like I said funnel
pretty quick fix so your checklist point
for offer is are you at level five
sophistication or not for the funnel do
you have a vsl do you have a funnel do
you have like zaps and automations to
the point where like you get a [__]
email and like a text being told hey you
just booked a call do you have those
things in place if they're like what do
you say after that yeah yeah like just
have those in place that's it so that's
number two so now let's move on to the
Juicy Juice which is cold email and so I
broke down cold email into three parts
lead gen actually writing the emails
crafting the emails and then from there
responding and so I want to start with
lead gen because Legion is really
interesting in that there's a lot of
softwares coming out and you guys
recently just released list kit right
yeah it's in beta we give beta access
everyone client extension so it's like
so anyone who's like anyone watching
this right now who has sent cold emails
before what's happening is um you you
you probably use something called Apollo
the problem with Apollo is that you buy
x amount of credits and then you say I
want this list
and then if you if you're not like
extremely proficient in cold email
you'll throw that into a sending tool
and then you're gonna see like 40 of
them start bouncing and then you burn
your domain so now you learn oh I have
to clean the emails so then now because
you're using Apollo you have to go pay
for a email cleaning
if you go clean the emails and then you
lose 40 of them you lose 40 of the
emails that you bought like you you
purchased those and forty percent of
their so Apollo is actually 40 to 50
percent more expensive than what they
advertise because 40 to 50 of them are
garbage emails so what we did with the
list kit is that it has all of the data
that Apollo has
but you only pay for verified leads it
just verifies it for you so like one
it's 40 to 50 percent cheaper
effectively two you don't have to
extract the CSV and then put it over
here and then reformat the CSV and then
get it over here and do this and then
and then delete these rows and you don't
have to do that
it's just
get this make the list
endless kit
extract it
it's done those are your leads and if
you're in client Ascension you get it
for free
yeah so
I'm if I'm not in client attention and
if I have to use Apollo that's pretty
much it you just got to deal with that
yeah you just got to deal with it what
about tools I've built with
yeah so that's a that yeah so it built
was 300 a month and then you'd have to
you had it doesn't give you emails it
gives you domains yeah this is this is
what people kind of don't understand
words it gives you domains and you have
to enrich the domains and then you do
the same thing you enrich it in Apollo
and then the same issue all right where
you pay for credits of unverified emails
like it's the same thing yeah but if you
have a list kit yeah you take the
domains you enrich it enlist kit
and then you only pay for verified
emails like you see what I'm doing yeah
you guys just made it better a better
service for it I can't even speak to
that where what I was doing is I was
taking built with and then from built
with I was running it through like snob
and Hunter and I would just verify
through that like I would do it through
stove yeah and it ends up being just so
much more and it takes so it's so much
more expensive than what's advertised
because
half of them are just not valid emails
you paid the credit for the valid email
it's like bro what
and it's like dude sometimes you'll
extract the list and it's like 90 aren't
verified and it's like dude I just like
I just spent all this time building this
list and like paid for this I just paid
a thousand credits
and 90 of them aren't valid and you're
like
and then you had to pay the verification
tool too so it's like not only did you
pay for the credits here you also have
to pay for the verification tool and you
just did all this work
and it's like it's it's like the most
frustrating thing ever so it's like
let's get just solves this
so what would you say for someone that's
probably targeting maybe a more Niche
audience where it's actually pretty
small and it's not like home builders or
roofers or something like that they're
targeting a very Niche audience for
their service because they have a very
specific offer yeah you can do cool
stuff inside the list kit where it's
like
okay the the the the site has this
technology
it's built on this technology and also
has this other like thing installed on
the website and also has this keyword
and also is in this industry and also is
in this location and also is of this
company size and it's just owners
Founders vice presidents VP
and then you get you can do that enlist
kit
and if not you're kind of [__] yeah
and if you need help with it like we'll
just show you what to do you just you
just tell us what you need and it's like
okay well here's how you do that and
let's get here's exactly how you
approach that cool so then when it comes
to writing the emails I mean the luxury
of client Ascension is that literally
Christian will help you write the emails
that you need to send out but what are
some of the common mistakes you see with
people sending emails I can speak from
experience that like some of the DS
let's just say DMS because it's another
form of cold Outreach on Twitter that I
get they're just the dumbest [__]
thing so I can only assume that it's
transferring over to email as well where
you have guys just hitting you up and
saying things like hey yeah this is
where this is yeah this is where things
play in together with every single other
thing we just talked about so it's like
the strategy by which you'll write a
cold email is going to depend on the
market sophistication level and who
you're emailing right so a lot of people
what happens if you and no one likes to
talk about this because they're just oh
here's the best cold email script you
can write but it doesn't just apply to
that thing you're selling because it's a
different sophistication level and you
have a different kind of offer right
so what we do is like
we make
we're gonna formulate your offer like
I'm gonna tell you like this is what
you're selling this is how this works
and based on what that is then you are
presented with a different way you have
to do cold Outreach
and it's not just scripts it's like the
entire strategy of the cold Outreach in
the first place so it's like so what are
we doing we going straight for call do
we have to do loom videos like this and
then it's like okay yeah now people are
responding back for the Loom videos and
what do you say in the loom video and
then how do you follow up with those
people one of the Loom video if they
ghost you from there and then that goes
into the response handling section of
client Ascension where we have a call
every single week and an entire slack
space it's just about
inbox management and getting more calls
based on because not everyone just sits
here and says again let's book a call
yeah so how do you actually get these
people to book more calls so there's so
much variance of like what it's a whole
it's a holistic system you don't just
spin up a cold email campaign like bam
and magically there's so many variables
in this and it all ties in cohesively to
everything else
and this is why this is why there's so
many people who sell cold email [__] on
the internet so like one
if you're on like Twitter or something
this guy this guy does code email thing
this guy does Cody with this guy did one
they all learned it from me they did and
then two
I've never seen another person ever
sell like some like
coaching or course or or like whatever
around code email and have it end up
being successful
because they don't have an understanding
or it's not just about cold email it's
it's the whole thing
you can't just make a cold email
campaign that works everything
has to be very finely placed together
based on the thing you're trying to
accomplish the offer has to be right vsl
has to be right the landing page has to
be right the strategy by which you
approach cold email has to be right
the leads you get for the cold email has
to be right the way you respond to the
responses has to be right in order to
make there's so many variables
and this is what separates that when you
understand it all
like how this all plays together when
you understand how all this works that's
when
you make a successful business
gotcha so what would we put for the
checklist item there on cold email I
mean it's like
that
you're doing it that you're consistently
sending them out like what would you say
is the checklist item there yeah that's
another component that we could
definitely touch on because like
everything you want in life is gated
behind 90-day increments
to what I mean by that is
everyone you cold email is going to go
through their own conversion cycle
so if you are if you spin up a campaign
and you have all the follow-ups because
we helped you write all the follow-ups
too
and it's it's it's it's over the course
of 40 days you put someone in a campaign
and there's 40 days of follow-up with
multiple touch points
someone might be
activate a cold email campaign in like
two weeks in they're like this doesn't
work and it's like no it's like one
everyone you're cold emailing
just has [__] going on in their life
where's like one it's just not the right
time and then two they need to be hit
with different angles over time
so you'll find this when you actually do
cold email very consistently you get
responses from people you emailed like
[__] five months ago
it's really weird
I don't know why this is but it's it's
just a thing people do this all the time
like months after you sent the last
follow-up yeah this compound
and you have you don't experience the
compounding effect unless you have had
active campaigns consistently running
for 90 consecutive days
and people screw this up a lot
where they just like turn it off because
it isn't working and they don't know
what's what it's supposed to look like
we're like What should the stats look
like and it's it's aggregate stats where
it's like yes for every 1 000 people
do email
like it depends on your offer but you
should close at least one client from a
thousand people email a thousand people
I haven't closed someone yet and it's
like two weeks and it's like oh no I
don't think you understand
it's
over a 90-day period of the 1000.
after all their follow-ups have elapsed
and x amount of people responded and
you're going back and forth with x
amount of people and it's like at that
point if you can't close one of them you
have like severe sales issues
to which you would enter the next
section of client essentially here's how
to actually run a sales process
so you see how this all plays in
together yeah it's like you have to know
how to do every single thing to make it
work yeah 100 and I think that's the
main thing with cold email is just if
the offer is not good the cold email
won't work if your funnel is not good
cold email like the message has to be
really good the offer has to be really
good for your funnel to be shitty and
still get away with it like you need to
be solving a huge pain point they're
like I don't even give a [__] but this
guy doesn't have anything on his website
like that's yeah and then your script
has to be right who your targeting has
to be right yep the follow-ups have to
be right the responses you get in the
sales process you take people through
has to be right so much has to be right
for it to work like a lot has to be
right and I think a big part of what
cold email is is just you need to have
it running like you need to have it
going and if it's not then that's your
checklist item are you consistently
sending out x amount of emails per month
that's like trackable and you can see
the results on it if not go do that so
that leads us number four which is the
sales call and so I broke it up in the
setting closing and then contract and
like negotiating because I've seen that
how I like to run my sales processes two
calls especially we've done four-year
Services where it's like my first call
is just seeing do I even like this
person and but you know collecting data
from them and just seeing does it make
sense for me to help them and my next
call is actually like a proposal and I
was talking about what we're actually
going to be doing how we're going to
solve the problem so like
both those are two different things like
setting is understanding the right
questions to ask and what data you need
and what you need to see also goes back
to what you were saying on the offer is
like is it a how did you phrase it it
was like uh
it's either generating response or then
capture or demand generation yeah yeah
like that that determines that as well
how you can actually run the call and
how you're going to ask the questions
what questions you're going to ask yeah
the best way to understand that is um
I was listening to someone one time and
they're talking about how they they sell
a course
on Google ads
and then someone asked I said well how
come you don't use Google ads to sell
your course on Google ads and the simple
explanation is that no one is going on
Google and searching Google ads course
it isn't that kind of offer but if I
were to tell you right now or it's like
Nick you need to rent like
Nick we're having a backyard party over
here we need to rent like a blow up
slide what are you doing
you're going on Google and you're
searching blow up slide yeah that's a
demand capture offer you can't code
email someone and ask them if they want
to rent a blow up slide
it doesn't work code email is inherently
a demand capture
mechanism
see what I mean so if you're going to
use a demand capture mechanism
to sell or a demand generation mechanism
to sell a demand capture offer you need
to like [__] Ram
yeah every business do you need to blow
up and you have to morph the offer to be
demand capture in the there needs to be
symmetry you see what I mean so people
will [__] this up but like they don't
even know they're selling a demand
capture offer with the demand generation
mechanism
so they they're completely not even
aware of the fact that they have to do
two things you have to change the you
have to position the demand capture
offered to be demand generation as hard
as possible and you can do this in two
ways it's like one is like
morphing the offer with some uniqueness
and then two
is
code emailing based off of like relevant
indicators
so what would like a relevant indicator
mean like oh they're hiring for a
specific kind of person
or they just installed this specific
technology on their on their website and
then you scrape lists like that and we
we have we show you how to do that
with list kit in client Ascension and
you get list kit for free you see what I
mean there's so much [__] that's
occurring where it's like you look you
just look it's one of those things where
it's like it's so much [__] that's like
so impossible to put in a course because
there's a million and a half variables
where it's like
the only way that
like you you I just have to tell you
because I've done it for three years off
like hundreds of different offers and
thousands of people
where it's like I did like the the best
way for you to get results the fastest
is me to just tell you it's like oh you
individually just do this this this this
this and then now I backtrack and
explain why that is to you specifically
and then you employ it
and it starts working and you're like oh
now I understand because you can only
understand something once you do it
like it's the only way because you can
sit like a good way to exemplify this
would be like if you're gonna become a
real estate agent or something like that
it's like yeah you got to take a real
estate test
but you don't know how to sell real
estate or like do all the forms until
you just do it once
you see what I mean
yeah I like that
I like that
um
well anyways back to sales call like we
went back up to like number one two and
three so yeah when it comes to setting
and closing you know how you run that is
how you run that but one thing that you
said once is that dude if you're just
confident that you'll get them a result
you'll be able to close
like it's it's it's pretty easy and
you know I've seen a lot of these guys
start going viral on Instagram and Tick
Tock and all this [__] YouTube shorts
where they're like sales trainers and
it's basically just guys yelling and
acting like they're in the military or
some [__] when it's like dude you
literally do sales calm the [__] down
like it's not they make it so [__]
intense and it's just so unnecessary I
kind of found that for me at least I
don't need to be this Alpha Brash brah
rah-rah kind of like car salesman to
sell [__] I just have to put the numbers
in front of the person
to make it make sense for them is like
look you're doing this right now you
want to get to this right here here's
how we can get you from here to here
look how much you'd be making you'd make
this much pay me this much and I'll make
it yours and they're like cool and then
they do it it's it's just making it like
a no-brainer for them that's at least my
view on how to make sales as simple as
possible but in your experience like
just from seeing the people from client
Ascension like how are people [__]
this process up like where's the mistake
coming along the road for them when it
comes to closing yeah
this is this is a debilitating issue for
so many people
they're not confident in their ability
to deliver results for clients so they
unconsciously sabotage their sales
processes
and they'll be scared to give them sales
calls so they unconsciously sabotage
their Legion they just don't respond to
the people who show interest because
they don't want to get on a sales call
and they don't want to get a sales call
because they're scared to sign clients
because they're scared they're not going
to get the results for the clients you
need 100 absolute conviction Wisconsin
takes us back to like having a risk
reversal inside because sometimes you
having a risk reversal or you being
Performance Based is not just for the
client it's for you so that you don't do
that
see what I mean
yeah and I just I I don't think it needs
to be much more complicated on that sure
you can read books on sales and you can
understand sales psychology and get
better at handling objections and you
know improve your tonality and all that
stuff's important but there's really
nothing that can replace certainty it
does you could be the most certain
person in the world and not understand
any of that technique at all and still
get the the ball across the goal line
and still this will be a really good
like premise for a lot of people who
don't think they're good at sales maybe
they're struggling with that right now
if you're listening to this just operate
a kind of like an Roi calculator
so let me let me give you an example
here where
where you're selling some kind of like
marketing thing which to make them more
money
you sit down with a client
and like the you explain to them the
premise of this conversation is
thanks for getting on the phone
obviously you're a business owner and if
you're going to pay someone to do
something for you you want to make sure
it gets a return so what I'd like to do
on this call is break down some numbers
together and see yep like what's the
probability that we can make you a
profit here because I don't want to I
don't wanna take your money and not be
able to deliver you a return so let's
work this out let's work through these
numbers
I can literally just give a real world
example of this as a call I'm getting on
later today based on the conversation I
have with these guys like two days ago
um we had like a set call and I just
went through their business metrics for
them and so they're telling me hey we
want YouTube ads because they're
thinking we need a copywriter for
YouTube ads but when I looked at the
metrics of their funnel I was like okay
but you're a leaking bucket on your vsl
you're a leaking bucket on your actual
show up break for your calls and you're
a leaking bucket on your payment plans
for people actually finishing the
payment plans and so it's like you want
to hire me for YouTube ads but what's
the probability that I get a home run
Perfect YouTube ad right out the gate
probably not that high it's actually
going to take us quite a bit of testing
we will probably need to test up maybe
100 200 ads before we get just a handful
of really [__] good ads so likelihood
of Roi it's there it's just you're gonna
have to wait and it's a long time and
clients don't really have a patience
like if you told them hey we're doing
this for six months together and for
five months you don't get them a single
result it takes a very very specific
special type of client and service
provider to be able to do that and be
okay with that so I prefer to get
someone a result within like 30 days of
them working with me and so I look at
the stuff further down the line like how
do I fix you know the the amount of
people showing up to calls how do I get
more people to book a call meaning how
do I change the vsl to get it to do that
like these types of things I can just I
ask them for the numbers what are you
currently doing they send it to me this
many people like this percentage this
percentage and I just show them here's
the numbers here's the revenue that
you're doing right now with this okay
with these metrics I know we can get you
these metrics over here just based on my
own experience in a very confident like
basic fixes will create this look at how
much revenue you will be making this is
how much you're leaving on the table
right here and so it's like we can
totally go to YouTube ads but they feel
dumb going to YouTube ads now because
it's like all this other stuff makes way
more sense so that's just the way we
just it's like if we just increase this
one component by 20 you will get 20
Revenue without spending any more money
on ads
yeah like it's it it's the easiest way
to run a sales call versus like having
to do [__] when you're selling b2c like
we had our call the other week where we
were talking about b2c offers that's
there's no equation you have to like
emotionally run through something with
someone to like see why they're not
taking action and [__] yeah if you're
selling to a business owner it's it's
most of the time it's very logic driven
a hundred percent it's kind of on the
back end where it's like then they're
kind of just like emotionally assessing
like you come to a conclusion you and
you tell them like yeah I'm like very
extremely confident I can get this
result
yeah and they'll they'll feel it in your
tonality
yeah and that's why that's why you have
to have 100 conviction and this is super
interesting Alex hermosi said this he
goes if you run a sales team you got to
be showing your testimonials and results
to the sales team so that they are doing
the same thing on the cause
subconsciously because they know this
[__] works yeah dude and that's you know
even
something that I've been thinking about
and I'm I definitely want to move on to
the next two but I'll just wrap up on
this is that you know if there's a
missing component to what you know needs
to be achieved to be able to get the
client the end result and you don't
offer that you can partner with another
agency to offer that and they'll look
for you for instance it's like if I'm
doing a like let's say a client comes to
me and they're like hey
this this guy's a perfect example where
he's like we want YouTube ads they do
need YouTube ads but they don't need
YouTube ads right now
this happens all the time this happens
all the time in client Ascension I tell
people I'm like if you're in Discovery
with somebody and you find out that they
have this problem over here but just
throw that in the opportunities of
client Ascension and like sell that to
the client as a service and like split
the revenue with the price it happens
all the time bro you see it like in in
slack in the opportunities where hey
does anyone know how to do this yeah me
me okay cool let's like partner up it's
like split revenue on this all the time
this happens
yep so I'm just gonna deal with YouTube
ads I have tons of friends who are on
YouTube ads agencies and you know one of
my good friends Brian caught us that you
should just plug them in and that's it
and so that's what's really useful as
well to think about is that if you're
like ah man I'm not sure I can get them
that result they don't have good
branding they don't have this or they
don't have that like and you know they
need what you offer though just get
someone else on the deal okay so that's
sales call the check checklist box for
sales calls is just like look do you
feel like you're closing with conviction
and is it a very logical sale and are
people just arriving at the conclusion
of like yes this makes sense if not you
need to change the way you're doing the
sales call to probably make it a little
bit more Roi base driven like what
Daniel's saying where someone can give
them a call see okay yeah I can
definitely make way more money with this
and it's a no no-brainer just easy for
them so let's move on to service
um
doing the thing actually delivering it
and showing the client results and being
able to go back and forth them and then
also communicating with the client so
what do you think when it comes to let's
just broaden this out to client
relationships and work fulfillment like
what are the main mistakes that people
are making there with their clients
so there's this is this is very very
interesting and no one really talks
about it so there's two components to
keeping a client
and it's one client results yes but two
is also client experience so what is in
client experience is so underrated it's
actually insane so what is it like
working with you what do they like you
because let's assume that you're a lead
generation agency
and you get a client X results you get
them 10 meetings a month like on average
that's what you get
now what's gonna happen
is client is going to just by default
associate oh all Legion agencies can get
10 clients get 10 calls a month all of
them
and then you get another dude who comes
along and maybe he has more testimonials
than you he's been in business longer
they look better objectively and they
tell this guy they say we can get you
20.
if your client doesn't have a
relationship with you they're going to
leave you
they are
additionally let's say because you're an
agency there's always variants in
results that you're going to get people
it's never just like oh we just get
these results every single month there's
always variance you can have down months
you'll have better months if your client
likes you
and they have a relationship with you
because they're gonna give you more a
leeway to correct
this is so so important and is it is a
such such a massive driver of LTV and we
talk about this a lot in client
attention every everyone who employs our
strategies around this
they keep their clients for a really
long time it has a lot to do with making
sure that the client's holistic business
is working well so it's like you take
all the stuff that you're learning
inside client Ascension
vsl's funnels offer sophistication
levels
sales processes
setting and response handling
and all these things and you consult
with their clients on this like hey if
you do this and it's like a peripheral
thing that doesn't even involve you like
you're not getting paid for that
specific thing where you're just giving
them advice like this
and you're constantly updating these
people and maybe you make automated
reports
you're very transparent about what's
happening you're very proactive about
communication with these people they
just like you they just do yep
and you keep them longer
100 of the time it works
yeah because you know you just think
about it especially when um
you know in the agency world was pretty
notoriously known especially in
marketing agencies is that it's like ah
man it takes forever to get [__] changed
it takes like I have to go back and
forth with someone if I want to get
something new up like it just takes time
so if there's already that baked in kind
of tension from the fact that there's a
communication delay and then on top of
that they don't like you if the
communication delay or if the experience
just drops there's no reason to keep you
around because they already don't like
you it's like I think sometimes people
will hire an agency and they don't like
the agency and then I'll come in and
like why don't you just fire the agency
and they're like oh they just
just didn't think of that and the
[__] is so much better I'm like yeah you
[__] hated your agency they're like
oh wow my life is a lot easier yeah but
if they but then you say that and they
do like the person why don't you just
fire the agency they're like oh he's
like a really good guy like I really
enjoy working with him then they don't
fire them yeah yeah 100 I've had that
too yeah
so when it comes to the service side of
things guys like your your business is
different you have something different
like what I offer is completely
different than someone like Matt Lucero
what Matt offers or what Eamon offers
inside of there or what like Ori offers
inside a client section all these guys
you know maybe if you're fog client
essentially you see these guys
interacting with Daniel on the timeline
like all of us offer different things
but what it comes down to is like you
want to make the person like you above
all else like it's just being a good
person so like always being on time with
your [__] I've never once with Daniel on
emails if I say it's on Sunday it's on
Sunday like I'm not
you know what I mean I'm not [__]
forgetting about that or like three days
later or anything like that just
dropping it and oh whatever bro I I
think I sent you chocolates when we
first got started working yeah you did
yeah you sent me a thing of chocolates
those were good I said chocolates we've
done spaces together we've gone back and
forth we've hung out together in Tampa
like we have a pretty good relationship
back and forth with each other where
it's like I cannot hear from Daniel for
a week and I'm not freaking out I know
he's just busy where he's like that's a
big part of it as well is that sometimes
client communication just stops because
they're actually just done with you and
they're just gonna ride it out to the
[__] contract they're just like
they're already getting our [__] in
place and that happens if they don't
like you they won't be there's no reason
for them to be open with you there's no
reason for them to give you a heads up
there's no reason for them like they're
operating in their own kind of modality
so it's just important to just be a good
person send gifts be be upfront with
timelines if you're gonna be late on
something or if you have something
that's coming up just like communicate
be just like someone that's considerate
of their business and their agenda and
their schedule as well not just your own
so that's I mean that's pretty simple
are you doing that or not
um and so we only got like nine more
minutes left so let's kind of focus on
this last one which honestly is pretty
straightforward or second to last one
which is hiring like the main mistake I
think that people are making is either a
you're not hiring you're doing it
yourself or B you're just not hiring
good people and a big thing that client
Ascension fixes is especially with Kyle
having the um uh such amazing like
Talent from overseas that are all vetted
trained and good at what they're doing
like you could just hire the right
people or you're connected with the
right people inside of client Ascension
who happen to do that specific thing if
it's part of the problem a lot of the
problem with people's operations is like
it's so it's so messy and they they
think about the idea of hiring but like
the problem always arises where it's
like
well
like what do I what do I even hire them
for like one how do I inject them into
this business and what specifically do I
have them do and then it's like okay I
interview people and it's like what do I
say on an interview
and it's like well then how do I pick
people out of this year and then okay
now I hire someone it's like how do you
train this person
because what's going to happen is you
you you hire someone because you want to
offload some x amount of work
but what in in reality the situation
it's actually your work is not only are
you still going to be doing the thing
but you're also going to be training
someone how to do it so it's more work
in the beginning
yeah and then once they know how to do
it then it tapers off and now they're
capable of doing it so it's like how do
you make that process actually work
smoothly
and then it's like okay so you have
clients over here clients over here
clients over here clients over here and
these things need to be done and these
things need to be done and these things
need to be done but how do you structure
that how do you make a client management
infrastructure where it's like how do
you track all of the things that need to
be done how do you make sure that
everyone is doing the things that they
need to do and then secondarily how do
you make sure that the people that you
hire actually stay with you and build a
company culture
here we have like 28 people inside here
right now and then if you go on Twitter
they're like they love client Ascension
it's like how do you do that how do you
get people to like really buy into you
and want to stick with you how do you
get them to go above and beyond and like
really be invested into your company
like how do you facilitate that
and that's exactly what we show you how
to do
inside of Client Center yes and then
something else that that people don't
really talk about as as well as like
just a really great thing about clients
such a
people become friends with each other
like it's a it's a really like there's a
reason why we keep it on slack because
it's so Community Driven like the when
you can DM other people and we have like
teams like you come in you get a Student
Success coach and you're on their team
and then you compete with the other
teams and then we have meetups where
it's like you can come to Tampa for free
whenever we hold those and we have
events and people all get together and
it's like super fun and it's not just
like business it's just like actually
hanging out and it's like
dude like there's a lot of people in
common sense who are just my friends now
but this is how this works
yeah yeah that's that's just good
community so when it comes to hiring you
know the checklist item there is
everything that Daniel just stated when
you're hiring are you hiring people and
they're excited to work with you and
like they're good employees and they're
showing up do you know how to keep track
of all the tasks that need to be done do
you actually know how to hire do you
know how to find the right people like
these are just kind of basic digs but a
lot of people don't even have that in
place
um for their offers and so the last one
and we'll wrap up and this will do the
full hour which is to be Brandy so this
one I think it's gonna be pretty easy
just like what are the mistakes that you
see people making with The Branding
itself that they're doing online
so
we talked about this as like an integral
and a very a very integral part of
making a company work right it's Market
sophistication five
some people will start a market
sophistication 5 if you're not starting
a market sophistication five you're
going to be a market sophistication five
so this is a necessity you have to do
this there's absolutely no debate
so now the question becomes okay I have
to make content what do I make content
on and the answer is that you make
content on giving value
you're showing people how to facilitate
what it is that you do like to where
they could theoretically go do it
themselves
however
your your you because you're selling to
business owners
what they're doing is when they consume
this value-based content
they're not thinking oh I'm gonna go do
it myself
it's like vetting for you they're like
let me see this guy's process
like how does he think about everything
let me assess this guy holistically
yeah
and if you're very thorough about all
the components it takes about your thing
and how to get someone results
or how to do the thing that you're doing
it just shows competence and now you
become a default a they associate what
you do as you are the default of it
where it's like if you build websites on
webflow
and if you have
a big giant webflow tutorial series on
YouTube
you're just the webflow guy like you
just are look who else
would make a webflow tutorial series
unless you're a webflow expert
it's like a necessity where it's like
every webflow expert would have it like
a full series on how to use weapon why
wouldn't they why wouldn't that be the
case and it's like if you it so it's
it's that Association where it's like
someone sees like you put a video
on YouTube it's like you have to be an
expert if you posted a video on YouTube
because every expert does post on
YouTube yeah sure you see what I mean
words you can even just like content or
like like you're making LinkedIn posts
or or Twitter threads there's like
videos of any form where it's like every
expert does do that so if you are doing
that you must be an expert
yeah it's kind of like if you appear on
a podcast
where it's like well only experts go on
podcasts so if you're on a podcast you
have to be an expert it just makes sense
it just does
a greedy agreed so we covered a lot
today and the checklist I think that
everyone needs to run themselves through
is number one with your offer do you
have a level five sophistication offer
number two with your funnel do you have
a video sales letter do you have a final
day of automation so do you just have
those basic things done on cold email
do you have list kit no probably because
you're not applying assessing drug
climate session but this kit when it
does become available with public will
be out there but do you have a process
for lead gen
do you have a process for actually
knowing what to say based on the market
sophistication and how do you actually
manage your inbox in terms of people
doing that are you even doing that are
you even sending cold emails out some
people are not it's just solely based
off of like social relationships didn't
work but you know it's it's limiting
your results right there
um sales call are you getting on your
calls extremely confident is it a very
logical easy sale for someone to just
walk through from start to finish and be
able to know the math behind this and
see like okay this makes sense are you
closing a high percentage of your deals
if not probably need to fix that service
are you providing a really good service
that's getting client results and
providing a really good client
experience to the point where people are
saying I wouldn't leave you because I
like you more than everyone else and
we're already crushing so why do I need
someone else hiring do you have a
process for bringing in people that are
a experts at what they need to be at
whatever it is the topic is
um and are you knowing how to actually
handle the interviews or do you have a
process for your interviews and do you
have a process for manage seeing all
these people the last thing is branding
like are you positioning yourself as the
expert on X topic are people referring
to you as the expert on X topic if not
something's up with the brain so all
these different areas if you said ah not
really on any of those areas boom like
you just had a light go off on your car
like the engine that's what you need to
fix right there so you have two options
either fix it well actually you have
three options either one is [__] off but
that's so you could just not do it and
that's it it's a free country you can do
whatever you want so that's totally the
option you just don't do it number two
is you do it yourself and it takes
however long it's going to take our
number three is you get in a time
machine and join client Ascension and we
help you do it really really fast
because this is what we do all day long
with people and we have the systems and
we have the actual setups for that so
those are your three options
make decision that's how you write
something down did you have an idea or
was it something that you wanted to ask
well no I'll tell you after okay all
right so everything
I think it's pretty good one yeah join
client Ascension love you